recently I made a pork dish when I saved
the fat got a huge chunk of fat cut
about this big no it was this big now
it's save your fat and you can render it
in the pan just like we did for all of
the all the beef we just put in the oven
going to deglaze my pan with a touch of
champagne
we have balsamic vinegar which we're
going to reduce by about half just put
balsamic vinegar in a pan and started on
the boil which will do now and reduce it
by half it becomes very syrupy become
very sweet it will make a nice glaze for
our asparagus house five dollars well
spent you don't want to actually boil
this you just want it to simmer lightly
if it boils it's going to burn it's
going to turn that so you just want a
light summer or to reduce it'll probably
take about 15 to 20 minutes hopefully by
then our meat will be done to
we got our pan all rendered fat in there
go ahead and add our diced shallots or
meets almost ready so we're going to
start making our bra I'm going to let
these shallots cook for about a minute
just to get their flavor
smell that we have our balsamic vinegar
reduction a little bit of oil here for
our asparagus challenge are doing nicely
now i'm going to start reducing our
broth broth right here red wine beef
broth tear go
I want to start showing is this by half
as well once it reduced by half gets
nice and thick that's going to be a nice
overlay topping for our meet you let the
asparagus sit without mixing it so it
Browns on one side then it took about a
minute without stirring it at all there
is no exact science tickle game it's all
about feeling as you do controlled chaos
thank you for sticking with us on
controlled chaos for our first step the
promise we'll have more structure next
time for sure I'm actually going to give
this asparagus a little bit of flavor
with the same red one we used for our
sauce just a little bit
that is a beautiful balsamic reduction
nice and thick another thing that goes
well with the spirit is try something
different is a hershey's chocolate know
it sounds weird if you have sauteed
asparagus it go a little bit of
Hershey's chocolate syrup in the pan
drizzle it over the top and you're done
makes a really really good side